- Here you go. Court. Yeah.
- Thank you.
I struck out again.
Every job interview is asking
me about the gap in my résumé.
There's no cool way to
say that I went to rehab
and then spent seven
years chilling with Mom.
Just tell them that you're a former
narcotic tester who values family.
I'm serious.
- I wouldn't hire me.
- Don't do that.
I'm rooting for you. All right?
I'm gonna call you later.
And I'm rooting for ya!
- You're not rooting for her.
- Of course I am.
- No. you're not.
- Yes. I am.
You said it. like. seven times.
and not one of them was genuine.
You're doing her dirty.
You're a dirty bird.
Yeah. all right.
it's complicated.
Obviously. I want my
sister to get a job.
but the second she does.
our mom becomes my problem.
So. I guess I'm hoping that if I
say "I'm rooting for ya" enough.
I'll start to mean it.
Good luck. sister.
I'm rooting for you.
Suck my ass.
This is not the
way to the office.
Yeah. about that.
Remember that time I asked if you
would guest lecture at my school.
and you said you'd rather spend
time with your son-in-law?
- Yeah. That was a good one.
- It was.
Well. I took that as a yes.
You're kidnapping me?
Don't be so dramatic.
I'm borrowing you.
against your will.
- Take me home.
- No.
Derek. eating funnel cake sort
of defeats the purpose of hiking.
Well. maybe they shouldn't sell
it in the parking lot. Jimmy.
Ignore him. honey.
Eat whatever you want
when you're exercising.
Okay. if Liz is done making
up for her infidelity...
I will strangle you.
Charlie and I found a baby!
Hey! All right.
The mother is five months pregnant.
so we still have prep time.
Plus. the baby's mixed race.
and I've already used it as an
excuse to cancel plans later.
I've always wanted
a mixed-race baby!
That's true. She has.
This is not your baby. Liz.
I know.
Well. I don't believe that.
- You shouldn't.
- I wouldn't.
You know. our baby doesn't
like your attitude.
Sit your ass down. Paul.
I would like to thank
Dr. Rhoades for coming.
I wish he hadn't have said that the
world is already full of therapists
and you all are wasting your
time. but he is who he is.
Does anybody have any questions?
Noah?
Is cognitive behavioral therapy
better than humanistic therapy?
- Do I have to answer the stupid ones?
- Yeah.
Great question.
My answer's yes.
Next?
You. Be better.
I read your book.
Twice. You're a genius.
Now we're cooking.
All right. Enough ass-kissing.
What's the most common issue
you see in your practice?
Well. in my practice. it's...
it's patients that can't seem
to get out of their own way.
They're stuck in problems
of their own creation.
I do not love that you said
that last part directly to me.
But it does make me feel
better about doing this...
Did everybody bring their
copy of Dr. Rhoades's book?
Yes.
Let's do it!
Check it out. It's a
room full of Pauls.
I'm gonna frame
this in my office.
I don't give a shit.
I love this.
Okay. I will see your Skittles
and I will raise you
three pink Starbursts.
Too rich for me.
I call.
Three queens. Whatcha got?
Boom!
Nothing.
How'd you know I was bluffing?
You have the weirdest tell.
Every time you realize
I'm about to beat you.
you look proud of me.
Poker's hard. I am proud of you.
Jorge used to clean me
out in the barracks.
Yeah. 'cause you can't
gamble for shit. bro.
It's good to see you laugh.
man. How you been feeling?
Good.
Staying with my boy the last few
weeks and working at the truck
helped me realize I was just
missing a routine. you know?
I'm grateful.
Somebody did it for
me. Just passing it on.
Let's not get emotional. guys.
- I'm fine.
- I'm talking about me. Sean.
We got beer. men.
cards. Somebody deal.
- Hi.
You're coming with
me to pizza tonight.
No. I already ate.
Plus. I just did my
skincare and took a gummy.
Come on.
I have only hung out
with this guy once.
What if he. like. ties me up
and throws me in his trunk?
That's hot.
Okay. I'll come.
But we're getting a
hundred garlic knots.
Okay. perfect.
Love you. See you soon.
- Hey. You one of Sean's buddies?
- Hi.
The game's out back.
No. I'm actually going
to take Alice for pizza.
Are ya?
It's just. you got a face
of a full-grown dude.
What are you? Like. 37?
No. sir. I'm 17.
Wow.
I'm Dylan. by the way.
No shit! You're the Dyl-pickle.
Sorry. that's a nickname
I made up to tease Alice
so I could have
sex with her mom.
Why are you telling me this?
I wish I knew. pal.
You know what. you surprised me.
Dylan. So I just gotta regroup.
It's actually a little late
to be heading out for pizza.
It's 8:30.
No. that's a good pizza time.
Okay. I'm gonna lay out a
few ground rules for ya.
Cool.
You okay?
Sir?
You good?
Sir. can I help?
Please.
Okay. here we go.
Holy shit!
So. first off. no drinking.
And. second of all. if it's gonna be
past midnight. you have her call me.
Okay.
I think I'm gonna go wait
for Alice in the car.
It's nice to meet you.
Feel better.
He's gonna use the fact
that he saved my life
to try to have sex
with Alice. isn't he?
- I would.
- Definitely. bro.
Yeah. This would be a lot easier if
I hadn't felt his dick in my back.
So. when it happened.
did you see Jesus?
No. but I think my nana was there. I
don't want to talk about this anymore.
Did Dylan save your life?
I wouldn't say that. no.
I was about to dislodge the grape. so
I think he helped me save my own life.
- Back me up. Sean.
- He definitely saved your life.
- What. am I supposed to lie?
- Yes. Sean. Sometimes we lie.
Did you also call him Dyl-pickle and
say he had a full-grown dude face?
He did have a
full-grown dude face.
Look. are we certain that
"Dylan" is not a full-grown man
- with a family...
- Oh. my God.
who is trying to make it as
a high-school sports star?
I saw a documentary.
kid. These things happen.
Look. I was just thrown. okay?
I didn't know you
were seeing anybody.
I literally hung out with him.
like. once. I haven't told anyone.
- Told me.
- Sometimes we lie. Sean.
At this point. I'm
just having fun.
Fine. Last week. he invited
me to a dance at his school.
It's time I reenter the
world. okay? So. I'm gonna go.
Oh. my gosh. That's
great. I'm proud of you.
Also. Dylan's parents are letting
other parents over to their house
to take embarrassing photos.
but due to recent events.
I'm sure you understand
why you're not invited.
I do.
What if I promise not to eat any
snacks wider than my esophagus?
See you. Dad.
Hey. I love you.
I mean. I'm happy for her.
I'm just kind of bummed
she didn't tell me.
Jimmy. that has
nothing to do with you.
When I was her age. I
didn't tell my dad jack
'cause I was getting into
so much debaucherous shit.
Like the last dance I
was at in high school...
Is there anything I
can do to keep you
- from telling me this story?
- There just isn't.
I got so shwasted
and I gave such a powerful hand job
that I ended up spraining my wrist
and had to wear a
brace to graduation.
Proud moment for your family.
Look. I've spent way too much time
listening to you shitting on yourself.
so I want you to hear this:
Alice asserting her
independence means you did good.
Now. the hard part for you is
figuring out how to let her separate
without making her feel guilty.
If you can manage to do that. then
when she really needs something.
there's a chance that
you'll be the one she calls.
I can do that.
Good.
I'm sorry. Gaby. I have to know.
If you sprained your wrist. what
happened to this poor kid's penis?
He had to wear a brace
to graduation as well.
What's up. Big Bird. Dr. Grumps?
Nope.
Hey. Is everything okay?
Yeah.
I finally figured
out my work sitch.
I'm joining the army. I
actually report in a week.
A week? And where did
you get that idea?
Oh. hell no. Lunchtime is over.
You guys. get out of the truck.
Sorry. this is actually
not about the food.
This is an outside issue.
Out!
Thanks for meeting at my office.
Charlie's a
management consultant.
No one even knows what he does.
I assume he assesses companies
and then consults on strategies
to improve on system efficiency?
Exactly.
- Are you two fucking?
- Why would you even say that?
Focus. Stuart. Let's talk baby.
So. we definitely want to be called
to the hospital for the birth.
Maybe we can get a police
escort so we can speed.
I'm loving this enthusiasm.
The mother really
responded to your brochure.
So you two are
definitely in the mix.
- In the mix?
- What?
So. we're just an Oscar nominee?
We're Glenn fucking Close?
It's between you and
a straight couple.
Tragic. I know.
The mom just wants to meet everyone.
so think of it as a first date.
How is that helpful?
I screwed up every first
date I ever went on.
I'm a lot.
Really? I hadn't noticed.
Wow.
Jimmy. I need your help.
Oh. sorry.
I always forget he
actually does work here.
It's okay. We're not really
getting anywhere today.
Calm down. Steven. We
started two minutes ago.
Brian. get out.
No. this is an emergency. I
need you to help me not be me.
Same.
How about the next time my
sister asks you for a sandwich.
instead of G.I. Janeing her. you
actually give her a sandwich.
I mean. she did get a sandwich.
Gabs. I really wanna do this.
I don't wanna get some
dumb job around here.
I wanna see the world.
Can I say something?
By all means. Sean's friend.
Please weigh in on this
important family issue.
I was where Courtney
is and. look.
I know it sounds corny. but it
helped me get my shit together.
Now. I've got friends
I can count on forever.
Cool.
But. Courtney. I just thought
that I'd have more time.
I know I promised you
three months with Mom.
So. if you want me to wait.
there's another portal next year.
I'm not doing this
without your blessing.
Hold up. Is this the plan?
You guys become some weirdo
emotionally-manipulative platoon
and just give me sad
eyes until I cave in?
Damn it. It's working.
I'm really happy for you.
Thank you.
I'll grab drinks to celebrate.
I'll help.
I'm gonna fuck him.
Really? In the shrimp truck?
Look at us doing good things
for the people we love.
Not getting mad at each
other for meddling.
- You are on my shit list.
- Okay.
You think she's gonna be
okay? Like. seriously?
I think she's gonna be great.
I can't think of a single first date
or interview. or first anything.
that didn't go horribly.
You realize because Steven left
early I don't get paid. right?
Focus.
I don't know why everything always
goes south for me so quickly.
I have thoughts.
I shouldn't have come here.
There's no way you can
figure me out quickly enough.
I'm too complex.
You grew up gay in Texas
with a conservative father.
so you developed
strategies to survive
and now your defense mechanism is
to lash out when you meet people.
because you're afraid that
they'll reject you first.
Nuh-uh.
Brian. look. Charlie
humanizes you.
Maybe just let him do most.
if not all. of the talking.
I'm not capable of going
45 minutes without talking.
My record is three. and I'd
just gotten my tonsils out.
Okay. you tell Charlie that when he sees
you falling into your defensive patterns.
he can lightly squeeze your arm.
Now. that will be your cue to
just take a deep breath. reset.
and say the exact opposite of
what you were about to say.
Got it.
What is wrong with me?
Nothing. buddy.
The people I worry about
are the ones who are stuck.
That's not you.
Look. man. I wish that you could
look at yourself through my eyes
and see just how
far you've come.
Oh. my God. Jimmy. are
you good at your job?
Yeah. sometimes.
Arrogant.
Okay. now I gotta get a
handle on the baby part.
Stuart said the mom could ask a
million questions about parenting.
That I can't help you with.
When Alice was a baby. I was more of
a "do what you're told" kind of dad.
You know who we need to see.
No.
You do what I say. when
I say. and how I say it.
Is it weird that I'm
a little turned on?
Is this funny to you?
If you screw up getting us
this beautiful mixed baby.
I will rip your dick off
and smack you in
the face with it!
I hate all of you.
- There you are.
- Hey.
What's going on back there?
Oh. yeah. She's giving Brian a
crash course on all things baby.
She's gonna wanna know if you're
doing formula or breast milk.
We don't say "ew"
over breast milk.
Got it. It's disgusting.
but we don't say it.
That reminds me when
Mom would feed you.
you would get the cutest
little breast milk mustache.
- I'm gonna skip past that.
- That's fair.
I don't have a
dress for tonight.
I mean. I have a hundred
dresses. and I love them all.
but I also hate them all.
You know what I mean?
I hear you. That's why
I no longer own shorts.
I know I'm just anxious.
but can I get a new one?
Yeah. Let's do it. I'll drive.
I was just asking if I
can get your credit card?
Course. Sure thing.
- Here you go. kid.
- Wait. No speech?
No angling to come with?
'Cause I want this so bad. I'd
let you sit in the parking lot.
Nah. You got this.
- Thanks.
- Have fun.
Parking lot sounded sweet.
- Right?
- Yeah.
'Cause if they take
longer than five minutes.
you can pretend you're just
stretching your legs and go in.
Spy on them.
- Yeah. Dad life.
- Yeah.
Make your kid think you
don't care when you do.
Fuck yeah.
We found out Matthew
lost his job again...
and Liz and I. you know.
we want to comfort him.
but we can't say anything
until he tells us himself.
How do you not cave?
Every time I feel tempted. I
just flick myself on the balls.
- Right.
- Yeah.
I'll find my own thing.
Listen. the army's not my thing.
I don't love a bunk bed.
Does your mom know your
sister's leaving yet?
No. Courtney's
telling her right now.
Okay. well... I gotta do my stretches.
Dr. Sykes sent some new ones over.
Wait. twerking helps
with Parkinson's?
I know you want me to get out
of here. but I'm not going to.
Do you think my mom's gonna
want to move in with me?
How would I know?
I never met her.
Would you wanna live with Meg?
I don't know.
Maybe someday.
The less time I
have left on Earth.
the more I think about
being near my kid.
Yeah. right. but I got a lot
going on right now. you know?
Work. teaching. being
a Dungeon Master.
Is that a sex thing?
No. Paul. It's a
Dungeons & Dragons thing.
But there is a new
guy. He's cool.
I can't have my mom around
while I'm trying to take him to
the bone zone aka titty city.
How do I make her understand
that she'll be a lot happier
if I get her live-in help
and she stays at home?
Look. this isn't about her.
This is about setting boundaries.
And saying what you want.
It'll be hard. but I'll do it.
What?
Look. kid. I'm not taking
a shot at you here.
But we are who we are.
I'm a cranky old bastard
with a full head of hair.
you're a lifelong caretaker.
The only person you're not good
at looking after is yourself.
If your mom wants to move in with
you. I'm not sure you could say "no".
I'm not sure I can either.
Want to sit with me and
pretend to punch people?
Make you feel better.
I gotta go. but I love
that for you. Get 'em.
Dave. Dave. Dave.
My dad.
Dave.
Paul can't know for
sure. He's not psychic.
Right?
All right. turn that ass
around. I want to see.
Hello. nurse. Hottie alert.
You're sure it's not too.
"Hey. I'm Alice. and I'm
showing off my secret big'uns."
What? You have them. too.
Girl. please. These big'uns haven't
been a secret since the seventh grade.
I don't know.
You look beautiful.
Thanks.
- And thanks for bringing me.
- Of course.
Actually. there's
something I want to say.
I know that all that stuff
happened with Summer and Connor
and that I wasn't there.
I think it's safe to say I probably
shouldn't have bonked your dad.
If you had asked. I
would have said "run."
Well. You live and you learn.
But that is still no excuse.
Gaby. stop it.
If I had needed you. I would
have blown up your phone.
- and you would have been there.
- Always.
- Right. Turn around. let me zip you up.
- Okay.
You look like your mom.
All right. so how you
feeling about this dance?
The good thing is he goes
to a different school.
So. I don't have to be the
girl with the dead mom.
You know. I can just hide
out and be anonymous.
You can be whoever you wanna be.
In college. I was bisexual
Gaby for a semester
until I decided
cooters weren't for me.
That sounds kinda fun.
It was. but vaginas are a lot.
Anyway. you ready? I'm gonna
get this. this is on me.
Dad gave me his credit card.
- What?
- Yeah.
Get whatever you want. he'll never
know. Hey. maybe I'll get me something.
Oh. my God. How about
these "fuck me" boots.
I like it. Let's just make sure they
don't call them that on the receipt.
So. Brian and Charlie.
how did you two meet?
Nonsexual role-playing?
Seriously?
Gestalt therapy uses
role-playing to help patients
confront maladaptive behaviors and
you are no longer listening to me.
so let's just do this.
I'm back in character.
I ovulated. I'm with child.
My breasts are voluptuous...
Okay. Liz.
I feel overwhelmed at the
thought of having a baby.
Do you and your husband
feel ready for it?
That's a great question.
Charlie. why don't
you take this one?
Not the point of this exercise.
Are you guys gonna
baby-proof the house?
I'm so young and clueless.
when does a kid even walk?
A week. A month?
Trick question. some never do!
- Jesus Christ.
- This is stupid.
Liz. why don't you just tell
me what you'd want to hear
if you were giving your baby up.
I mean. obviously. I'd wanna hear
that you would love the baby so much.
And don't pretend that you're not
gonna make mistakes. 'Cause you will.
Like. if you were desperate for a
daughter. but you had a third boy.
So you didn't cut his
hair. and when people said.
"Oh. what a beautiful girl."
you didn't correct them.
And maybe you pierced
his baby ears.
Look. you're gonna do
everything for your kid.
And you know what
your reward is?
They grow up and reject you.
'Cause they're assholes.
And then you have to
find a way to be happy
that they can stand
on their own two feet.
And that is not easy.
But I think what I would
like to hear the most
is that even if people
keep reminding you
that your life shouldn't
revolve around your child.
from the moment they put
that baby in your arms
and you see the trust in his
eyes. you just know in your heart
that it's the most important
thing that you'll ever do.
Just say that.
Oh. shit. I gotta go.
Alice is going to
that dance later.
and I got to pretend to be
"resting" in the living room
so I can catch her
before she takes off.
You wanna hug?
If you blow this for me.
I'll make Charlie give me a
baby the old fashioned way.
I know.
You know you just
missed her. right?
Damn it.
Don't worry.
I gave Dylan the dad speech.
I think it was a bit more
effective coming from me.
seeing as how I don't
owe the guy my life.
Sean. He loosened the grape so
that I could calmly spit it out
and I do not want to
talk about this anymore.
Yeah. I know. buddy.
Hey. I snuck a picture of Alice in
her dress for you. You wanna see?
Oh. my gosh. Yes.
She ain't here.
man. You can say it.
She's a princess.
So. Paul. you and Julie got
any cool. sexy plans tonight?
No. She's got kickboxing.
Holy cow. She kickboxes too?
That's how she gets those legs.
Look. Paul. I know that you believe that
I can't lay down the law with my mom.
but I'll have you know I'm a
lot stronger than you think.
Plus. I got a ton of great people in
my life that will help me through it.
Whether they want to or not.
You're not taking
me home. are you?
Not your home.
Goddamn it.
I suggested that we meet here 'cause
it's closer to where she works.
Plus. this way. when I faint. there
are three people to help catch me.
Thank you.
- That's mine.
- It's mine now. thank you.
It's Matthew.
Finally calling to tell
me he got shitcanned.
Little fucker.
Hey. sweetie. How are you?
Oh. no.
But you were the best manager
Buffalo Wild Wings ever had.
Bu... Where is she going?
And why would he work there?
Don't panic. We got you.
Hey. sweetie. Everything okay?
Yeah. We ended up
ditching the dance.
I'm at an after-party
at Dylan's.
He lives right by that kid
from my fourth-grade class
who was kosher and you
accidentally fed him bacon.
Best day of Zack
Bornstein's life.
It's just...
I'm fine. but can you
meet me on that corner?
I'm on my way.
What? No.
I have to.
Wow.
I'm Ava.
Sorry that I'm late. the
restaurant got slammed.
It's okay. You are gonna
love them. Enjoy my house.
Wait...
This is fancy. Love this.
Oh. yes.
Mom. this is Paul. Paul.
this is my mother Phyllis.
- I've told her a lot about you.
- Hi.
How nice to meet you.
He doesn't seem like he's
in love with himself.
- Just give him a minute.
- Your daughter's amazing.
I'm honored to call her
a colleague and a friend.
She's lucky to have
you as a mentor.
Extremely lucky.
Now I see it.
So look. Mom. There's something
that we need to discuss.
Y'all a couple or something?
I'm spoken for.
- Oh. okay.
- No.
- Well. what's going on?
So. the thing with
Courtney leaving...
Okay. Hold on. I
just got here. baby.
I haven't even seen the
rest of your place yet.
And I wanna see which
bedroom gonna be mine.
You'll love the room
at the end of the hall.
it's got a ton of great light.
Light is good. Where
is it? Down here?
- Just that way.
- Okay.
Don't beat yourself up.
You're a good daughter.
Maybe she'll remarry one day.
Okay.
Not to be awkward.
but... I'm half-Japanese.
- The father...
- Japanese.
Score.
- Not that it matters. Here's your water.
- Thanks.
I've never had a meeting like this
before so I don't know where to start.
Well. you can start
at the beginning.
Okay.
Sure. Yeah.
Boom. Boom.
So. how did you get preggers?
Nope.
Forget I said that.
In fact let's just hit rewind.
Wait. where the
hell's my coffee cup?
You saw me throw
it in here. right?
What! How did this happen?
Did I miss? Oh. my gosh.
Am I losing my mind? What
kind of black hole...
Well. that's not even empty.
That's...
Check this out. It got
stuck between the two bins.
That is crazy. I thought I
was going absolutely nuts...
Stop. Breathe.
Yeah...
Can I start again?
I'm just nervous.
I am... Me too.
Have you always known that
you wanted to be parents?
If I'm being honest. it's
been a journey for us.
I was terrified.
Not Charlie.
He was born for this.
- How are you feeling now?
- Better.
I've still got a lot to learn.
But I do know that
it takes a village.
That's actually why I
wanted you to meet us here.
We wanted you to see all
the great people in our life
who would be in
this baby's life.
Like if I don't know
where the soft spot is.
I know that the village will.
Why aren't you squeezing my arm?
Because you're doing great.
The only reason my friends
aren't here right now
is because they put
their kids first.
And that's the type of
parents we wanna be.
That's really great to hear.
I actually have a couple more
questions that I scribbled down.
Oh. my God. Brian. look.
I've been collecting
these since I was a kid.
I just love their
dumb hair. It's so...
Me too. I used to put
on shows with them.
- What?
- Guys and Trolls. Evita...
Musicals are like my jam.
Okay. Well...
now I know you're the
mother of our child.
- Can I see it?
- Of course.
Oh. my God. Look at this.
- Hey.
What's going on?
I just needed a minute.
I told Dylan I was talking
Summer down from some bad molly.
Good lie.
Frighteningly specific.
You wanna tell me
what's really up?
We were just hanging out.
and someone recognized me
from "cheater cheater bitch".
And then they read
through some comments
and just like that. I'm "the
girl with the dead mom" again.
Ah. man.
Is it always gonna be like this?
I'm afraid so.
Awesome.
I do think it's gonna
get easier with time.
Like when you go off to college.
Unless. of course. you wanna do college
here and just live with me forever?
You want me to drive you home?
No.
No. I don't wanna hide anymore.
I just want people to
stop feeling sorry for me.
Do you know why I tell people
I have "dead wife face"?
Because you do?
Partly.
But also 'cause
it's almost funny.
So it lets people know they don't
have to walk on eggshells around me.
It doesn't always work. but...
makes me feel like I have
some ownership over it.
I'm gonna go back inside.
Good.
Promise me you won't
drive by and check-in.
I promise.
Show me your hands.
Okay.
So your mom is just gonna
live in your guest room?
- No...
- Derek.
She said the bed in my
guest room's too soft.
The sofa bed in my
office is too hard.
Now. I guess her Goldilocks ass
is going to sleep in my room
which apparently is
"just fucking right".
You know. when Derek's
mom comes to town.
she has to stay 2.000 feet away
from our home at all times.
Same rules as sex offenders.
They do not mesh.
I'm sorry. baby. I'll
work on it if you want.
"I can work on it if you
want?" Who is this lady?
I'm nice now.
Hello. Stuart.
- So you said 2.000 feet away?
- Yeah.
Damn. You got her on a
registry or something?
Can you be on a registry if
you emotionally abuse children?
Okay.
Yeah. we'll talk tomorrow.
What? What did he say? What?
She went with the other couple.
- Seriously?
- Aw. guys.
You know. I never thought I'd say
this. but fuck that pregnant bitch.
I've actually heard you say
that. like. six or seven times.
Yeah.
I really thought she'd pick us.
Why are you looking
at me like that?
You don't know how much it means to
me to see how disappointed you are.
So you're happy that I'm sad?
What the fuck?
Yeah. Do better. Charlie.
Honestly. I thought y'all were
both on board with that little...
Welcome to the club. buddy.
Like. my mom was being
such a bitch about curfew.
Like. sometimes. I honestly just
wish she would disappear forever.
I can't believe
I just said that.
Oh. my God. Look at
you. you hate me.
No. I'm fine.
I just have dead mom face.
That was a good one.
No. really. like...
Yeah. well. anyway. so...
Thank you.